Here is an exercise program that you have to write.
So you have to take a year and check whether it's a leap year or not.
a leap year
If it is divisible by four and if it is a century  year that is it is divisible by 100 then it should also
be divisible by 400 then only it is called as leap year.
I repeat once again if a yeAR IS divisible by 4 AND hen it is a leap year and if it is also divisible by 100 that is
a century year then it should also be divisible by 400.
So you have to write a program which will take the year as input and based on these conditions you have
to find out weather it is a leap year or not here I will run the program and show you and how it should
work what should be the input and output.
So you can see the program and even the program file is given as pdf in the resource.
You can download that if you face any difficulty in writing this program.
Now here is a program, let me run this program for finding that it is a leap year or not.
I've learned it if I give the year as 2020 then it's a leap year.
See the message is 2020 is a leap year.
I re-run the program and I will say two one double zero then it's not a leap year.
It's a century year.
It is not divisible by 100 but not divisible by 400.
So you have to write the conditions for this one.
So the important thing in this program is writting the conditions so already I have explained what
does it mean by leap year.
So write this program it should give give the output like this. otherwise afterwards you can check the program file that
is available as pdf.